Update the office integration page (#312)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/office-integration.adoc

// TODO: point to released docker containers with GA

> Installing the Docker stack only requires a few steps. Note to use the relevant tag in the URL for copying or switch to the relevant tag after cloning. Select a base folder of choice for the target location:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the Docker stack only requires a few steps. Take care to use the relevant tag in the URL for copying or switch to the relevant tag after cloning. Select a base folder of choice for the target location:
```

. Get the deployment examples by either cloning or copying:

.. Clone the Infinite Scale repository :
+
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/owncloud/ocis.git
----
+
Checkout the relevant tag, replace `<tag>` accordingly:
+
[source,bash]
----
checkout tags/<tag> -b master
----
+
If wanted, create a local branch for any local configuration changes to easily keep track on updates when switching to an updated tag.
+
Change into the `ocis_wopi/` directory:
+
[source,bash]
----
cd ocis/deployments/examples/ocis_wopi
----

.. Or copy all files and folders from the {wopi_examples_url}[examples] location of github, replace `master` in the link with the tag you want to use before copying. For ease of reference, the directory where all content has been copied to is named `ocis_wopi`.
+

> After copying all ressources is finished, change into the directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all resources have been copied, change into the directory:
```
